I have two separate components to my initiative this year. It's a bit of a long story for how they both came together so quickly but I just realized that I had been working on both of them without formally calling them initiatives until now :) 
For the first component, we actually just had the first installment of a workshop series by partnering with AspireIT this weekend. We're hosting a series of AI workshops for middle schoolers run by SAILORS alumni in California through my nonprofit in partnership with NCWIT, and a few other AspireIT programs in other parts of the country.  The first program was able to host about 25 girls for a 2-day workshop, but we received more than 70 applications so we are looking to host additional installments throughout the year. It was a grand success!

For the second component I am partnering with some international partners to launch a series of camps and workshops for girls aged 12-15 in another nation. This is what I will be focusing on more personally, while I am helping with those other workshop series from the perspective of an adviser more so than a direct leader. I cannot say too much until it is publicly announced through the nonprofit's channels but I am quite excited for this new program's launch (:

We're hoping to secure venues for our second installment, maybe in the spring to host another workshop. I am also helping other AspireIT programs get set up and started in Arizona and New Jersey in  addition to our California ones.

For my other initiative idea we are hosting a trial camp in December and I am hoping for a successful run then so that we can schedule additional installments!

Collaboration has helped tremendously, especially since I am not running these programs myself in all these different locations! I am working with a team of students in each state to host these AspireIT programs and I am helping with the planning, marketing, and execution of these events while the local team members host each workshop. I have also helped each of our AspireIT programs collaborate with each other through our nonprofit network so that they can share ideas and advice so that all of our programs are the best that they can be. :) 

I am also collaborating with a few other organizations on this international initiative who made it possible for us to even connect with the right individuals in this other nation.

I wasn't expecting everything to come together so quickly because I had been searching for a new idea for the past few weeks, but then I realized that we had just started planning a new set of programs days before #include started that were going to be our focus for this school year (through the nonprofit). I then pivoted completely to focusing on those projects so that they can be as successful as possible.

I also have a separate initiative idea that I am working on (also part of the nonprofit, but not related to the AspireIT programs I am helping run) and the details for that are just starting to come together!
